NEXT-32619 - Write document for order approval (#1240)
shopware/docs: products/extensions/b2b-components/order-approval/02-order-approval-permissions.md

---
nav:
  title: Order approval permissions
  position: 20

---

> # Order approval permissions
> ## Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Order approval permissions
```

> Below you can find a list of all the order approval rules that are available in the order approval component, which you can use to assign to the roles of your employees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find a list of all the order approval rules that are available in the order approval component. You can utilize these rules for assigning roles to your employees.
```

> ### Approval rule Permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Approval rule permissions
```

| Permission                  | Description                                   |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|

> | `Can create approval rules` | Allows the employee to create approval rules. |
> | `Can update approval rules` | Allows the employee to update approval rules. |
> | `Can delete approval rules` | Allows the employee to delete approval rules. |
> | `Can read approval rules`   | Allows the employee to view approval rules.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Can create approval rules` | Allows the employee to create approval rules |
| `Can update approval rules` | Allows the employee to update approval rules |
| `Can delete approval rules` | Allows the employee to delete approval rules |
| `Can read approval rules`   | Allows the employee to view approval rules  |
```

### Pending order Permissions

| Permission                               | Description                                                                    |
|------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `Can approve/decline all pending orders` | Allows the employee to approve or decline all pending orders.                  |
> | `Can approve/decline pending orders`     | Allows the employee to approve or decline pending orders that assigned to him. |
> | `Can view all pending orders`            | Allows the employee to view all pending orders.                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Can approve/decline all pending orders` | Allows the employee to approve or decline all pending orders                  |
| `Can approve/decline pending orders`     | Allows the employee to approve or decline assigned pending orders |
| `Can view all pending orders`            | Allows the employee to view all pending orders                                |
```
